README.md, before:

#Project Ascension Client [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/Proj-Ascension/Client](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/Proj-Ascension/Client?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![Linux Build Status](https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/projects/0a00cd10-c636-4076-99b3-2846380ec7f4/500317/badge.svg)](https://semaphoreci.com/projectascension/client-2) [![Windows Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/mt905x608x7aypsg?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Project_Ascension/client) [![OSX Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Proj-Ascension/Client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Proj-Ascension/Client)



This is the official repo for the Project Ascension client interface. Borderless window system for WinAPI pulled from deimos1877's [BorderlessWindow](http://github.com/deimos1877/BorderlessWindow).

If you have any questions about the project, feel free to jump in our gitter room and ask!


# Useful Links
- [Website](https://projectascension.io)
- [Subreddit](http://reddit.com/r/Project_Ascension)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Proj_Ascension)
- [Twitch](http://twitch.tv/Project_Ascension)

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Full license can be viewed [here](LICENSE).

# Contributing
If you would like to contribute, please read over [the contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Small changes
Added a disclaimer & fixed the title at the top.

README.md, after:

# Project Ascension Client [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/Proj-Ascension/Client](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/Proj-Ascension/Client?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![Linux Build Status](https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/projects/0a00cd10-c636-4076-99b3-2846380ec7f4/500317/badge.svg)](https://semaphoreci.com/projectascension/client-2) [![Windows Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/mt905x608x7aypsg?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Project_Ascension/client) [![OSX Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Proj-Ascension/Client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Proj-Ascension/Client)

# Disclaimer
This project is not maintained anymore.

This is the official repo for the Project Ascension client interface. Borderless window system for WinAPI pulled from deimos1877's [BorderlessWindow](http://github.com/deimos1877/BorderlessWindow).

If you have any questions about the project, feel free to jump in our gitter room and ask!


# Useful Links
- [Website](https://projectascension.io)
- [Subreddit](http://reddit.com/r/Project_Ascension)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Proj_Ascension)
- [Twitch](http://twitch.tv/Project_Ascension)

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Full license can be viewed [here](LICENSE).

# Contributing
If you would like to contribute, please read over [the contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
